Fatmata (Fatima) Diallo	CS 202		9/11/19
Project 2:
Purpose:
The purpose of this program is to read a list of cars and their rental information from a text file using file input and output and a user menu, sort it using functions in a switch statement, and display the menu options and information about the rental cars to the terminal and the output file.
Design:
The design was composed of function prototypes along with a struct, the main function, and multiple functions to make the main function more concise.
	Main Function: We were asked to create a user menu, so I used a switch statement with user input to select an option. I also created file streams for the input and output file. I created seven cases for the seven possible user entries. I created a while loop with the menu options that printed to the terminal every iteration and the switch statement for the seven possible entries. The first entry asked for the name of the input file from the user and stored it in the file stream. The second entry allowed the user to view the rental car options from the input file that was stored in the struct by printing the car rental information to the terminal. The third entry allowed the user to enter the name of prospective output file to hold the car rental information. The fourth entry allowed the user to view the information sorted by ascending price. This is where I used my sortPrice function. The fifth entry asked the user how many days they wanted to rent a car then showed the available options by ascending price with the total cost of each. The sixth entry allowed the user to select a car to rent. Then, it would make the car unavailable. The seventh entry allowed the user to exit the program. Then, I used the close function to close the file stream for the text files and returned the value of the main function to zero.
	Other Functions: I wrote six functions: four regarding strings and one with the purpose of swapping, and a longer one for sorting. I wrote a string copy function which I used in my swap function. I wrote a string length function, string concatenate function, and a string compare function as requested, but they are not called anywhere in my program. I wrote a swap function, used in the sortPrice function to swap the year, make, model, price, and availability held in the struct and the indices printed before the car rental information. In my sortPrice function, I created a nested loop from a while loop, for loop, and if statement to test if the cars in the struct needed to be swapped. To test if they need to be swapped, I declared a Boolean variable for my loops holding a value that indicates if the car rental information needs to be swapped and one to increment the location of the names. The only parameter I used for this function was the struct with the car rental information.
	Struct: After learning about structs in class for the first time, I had to make one to store the rental information about the given cars. This struct had type Cars with an array called car. Its variables were year, make, model, price, and available which correspond to types int, char array, char array, float, and bool. I stored the car rental information in the array.
Problems: 
I had some issues with my sortPrice function that kept leading to a segmentation fault when I would run it, so I eventually just rewrote most of it.

